Add vacuum docs (#4600)
brimdata/zed: docs/lake/api.md

```
curl -X DELETE \
     http://localhost:9867/pool/inventory
```

On success, HTTP 204 is returned with no response payload.

---

#### Vacuum pool

> Clear storage space by permanently deleting underlying data objects that have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Free storage space by permanently removing underlying data objects that have
```

previously been subject to a [delete](#delete-data) operation.

```
POST /pool/{pool}/revision/{revision}/vacuum
```

**Params**

| Name | Type | In | Description |
| ---- | ---- | -- | ----------- |
| pool | string | path | **Required.** ID or name of the requested pool. |
| revision | string | path | **Required.** The starting point for locating objects that can be vacuumed. Can be the name of a branch (whose tip would be used) or a commit ID. |

> | dryrun | string | query | Set to "T" to return the list of objects that could be vacuumed, but don't actually delete them. Defaults to "F". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dryrun | string | query | Set to "T" to return the list of objects that could be vacuumed, but don't actually remove them. Defaults to "F". |
```
